Hello friends, my name is Abhishek G. Welcome
to my channel Invest Shyo. Friends, ICC
Lord has recently launched a new Super Top Up plan,
Activate.
Some time ago, ICC Lord had launched its new base health
insurance product, Elevate, in
which the company had given excellent features. This
time, they have given excellent features in the Super Top Up plan,
which
is definitely a revolution in the Super Top Up category.
So, let's understand this product in detail.
Before moving ahead in the video, friends,
if you have come to the channel for the first time, please
subscribe to the channel so that all of you keep getting
information about health insurance, mutual funds and life insurance. If you like the
video content, like and
share it. Your every like motivates us to
make such information videos.
Let's cover the product in detail.
Friends, first of all, here we will talk about the
entry age. In this product, the minimum
entry age is 91 days and there is
no limit for maximum entries. If I
talk about the sum insured option, then here the
sum insured starts from Rs. 10 lakh, which is the
maximum  You get the
option of deductible up to Rs 3 crore. Talking about it, here
you are being given the option of deductible from Rs 3 lakh to Rs 20 lakh. There is no
type
of copayment in it. No age copayment has been
given. Talking about room rent and IO
charges, here a single
private AC room is being provided. You do
not get all categories of rooms or there is
no limitation for shared rooms. Now let's talk about
pre and post hospital
expenses, that is, expenses
before hospitalization and after discharge.
So in case of pre hospitalization, the company is
giving coverage of up to 60 days. In case of
post hospitalization expenses, you are getting coverage of up to 180
days. Along with this, the company is providing
you day care procedures like diseases for
which hospitalization is not required in today's date
like cataract or
kidney stone treatment. The
company is providing coverage of up to some extent for all these,
organ transplant, domus hospitalization,
eye treatment, modern treatment and biotic
surgery.  The company is providing you with up to
50 coverage options. Furthermore, the
company also offers coverage for surrogate mothers and donors. If
a
couple is facing difficulty in conceiving and
wants to pursue alternative treatments, they can also get coverage
up to ₹1 lakh. The company
also offers coverage for waiver of detectable risk.
If a person enters this product
before the age of 50, they can
opt for the
Super Top-Up policy between the ages of 55 and 65. This top-up policy can be
converted into a base policy. Now, let's talk about the
optional coverages
offered in this product. The first coverage option is
Jump Start, which provides coverage for
A/C (Asthma, Blood Pressure, Diabetes, Diabetes,
Cholesterol) and other ailments
after 30 days. If a
person has any of these ailments
before purchasing the policy and does
n't want a waiting period, opting for the Jump
Start option will provide coverage for
30 days.
Next, air
ambulance service is also being provided here,
although it is not inbuilt, it is being
given as an optional, but up
to some insured coverage is being given here.
Next is claim protector, so non-
medical items like gloves, masks, PP kit
which normally cost 5 to 10 rupees of hospital bill,
then all these are also covered
if you choose this.
Next is chronic disease management, so
as I told you, if a person has a
disease like BP, sugar before taking the policy and if he chooses the option,
if he chooses the chronic disease management option, then the
company provides him different
kinds of services where
he gets free health checkup, consultancy services,
many such services
which we have given on the screen for your reference,
for this particular feature, next
is B Fit, so here the company is
providing OPD services on cashless basis,
discount services in pharmacy,
you are getting discount services in diagnostic centers.  There are many such
services which are available in this particular feature.
Next is Inflation Protector,
so according to inflation the company is
increasing your sum issue every year, for
example, if you take inflation at 6 as of today's date, then the
company will increase your sum issue every year by 6. Next is
Durable Medical Equipment, so if a
person needs
durable medical equipment
like clutches like wheelchair, walker
or walking stick due to any disease or injury, then the company will provide you coverage of all these
up to ₹ lakh
if ​​you choose this option. Next is
PD Waiting Period Reduction option, so
here if a person has
any disease like BP, sugar before taking the policy and wants to
reduce its waiting period,
then here the company is
providing the option to reduce it from one to two years.
Next is Specific Unlimited Waiting
Period Reduction option, so by default all the
products have coverage for slow growing diseases like
kidney.  Stone, Hania, Piles, all these have
a waiting period of two years, but if a
person wishes,
he can get it reduced in one year if he chooses this option here.
Next is Guaranteed
Deductible Reduction. In this option, the company
reduces your deductible by 10% every year, which is reduced up to a maximum of 50%.
For example, if you have
taken a deduction of Rs 5 lakh and you have
a super top-up policy of Rs 50 lakh, then next
year your deduction will be 4.5%, the next year it will be 4%, the
next year it will be 3.5%. In this way, the
deductible of your policy gets
reduced up to 50%. So, in the long term,
it will work very well. Next is room
modification. As I told you,
in this product, by default, a single private
A room is available, but if you wish, you
can upgrade or downgrade it,
according to which your premium is reduced or
increased. Next is teleconsultation.
Here the company offers unlimited  Teleconsultation is
provided for your small health
related issues. Now let's talk about the waiting
period. As usual, there is an initial
waiting period of 30 days for all diseases except
for accidental claims. There is a waiting period of two years for
specified diseases like slow growing
illnesses. The waiting period for these is
3 years for pre-age diseases. The
waiting period for major atrial surgery is 2 years.
If we talk about network hospitals, there are
more than 10,000 network hospitals of IIC Lombard. As of
today,
almost all the major hospitals are in their network
list, so there is no problem of cashless treatment.
Now let's talk about the premium.
For your reference, we have taken a
sum insured of Rs 50 lakh here, in which Rs 5
lakh is deductible for two adults who are
living in the metro city. So the premium here is
Rs 4876 which is very normal. Now let's talk  Talking about
discounts, here the company is
providing different kinds of discount services. The
first discount you get is the
wellness discount. Here, if you are
maintaining a healthy lifestyle, then the
company is monitoring your lifestyle through an app, on the
basis of which you
get some points and on that basis you are being given a
discount in the renewal premium.
Next is NRI discount.
Here, if someone is an NRI, then here the
company is providing a separate discount of 25%.
CIBIL score discount. If
your credit score is very good, which the
company checks when you buy the policy.
If a good score comes out in it, then
there also the company
provides you a discount of 15% in the premium.
Next is PPA network
discount. Here, if a person chooses
PPN network, then the
company reduces his premium by
10%.
But if he
goes to another network hospital for treatment, then the
company charges you a co-payment.
Next is early renewal discount. So,
if you renew your policy  If you
renew your policy a month before the due date, the
company is providing a separate discount of 2.5% (
long-term premium).
So, if you pay the premium for 2 or 3
years at once, the company
separately provides you with a discount of up to 15% on the premium.
So, friends, in this
way, we covered all the aspects of the product. I hope
you liked the information.
We have included the product brochure
in the description link; you can go further through it if you wish.
Now, let's talk about the
product. Friends, this
product is definitely very good. The company has
provided many features which you can add to the policy, making
it a fully featured super top-
up plan. Now, the main thing is
what base policy you have and
what limitations the company has given you in it. Is
your base policy good? For
example, if you have taken ICICI's Elevate
plan and if you add this too, then it
becomes a good plan which
you can take for your family to
secure your family's health.  Related Issues
So I hope you liked our small opinion,
if you want to join us and
take any health insurance policy
then you can contact on the number given below,
if you also want to take paid consultancy then
you can contact on the number given below
and if you have any
small query then you
can ask in the comment box, we will try to answer your questions, if you
liked the video then
like, share and subscribe,
thank you m